hello every body i'd like to introduce
to you a friend of ours named Stevie
Davis he's here visiting from Newcastle
England and what he likes evil when he's
going to give a straight for you is a
drill that he has his lads do over there
in England it's called a car drill and
he's going to demonstrate that for us
here in just a second he has all the
cards laid out and there's a reason for
that he's going to explain it to you why
and the benefits of this thrilling
attorney overcome this is Stevie hi
Stevie Ray ok this develops leg strength
and where's your goods as well which
makes a good play balancing boxing I'm
going to talk you through it as I run
through it there's ten cars on the floor
and at the end I'm gonna 437 squat
position so I'll show you what me enough
ok ok what's the first part is fatal
been down for the first part the first
part 24 fiskars calm down except for to
get freaked out nope go down ticket
please
dominicano forward let's count down it's
down it's down stato keep this bill to
it will it start with x equals
also when you go down guy go down
director who down late they open this
one inmate named let me pick the cars
all over
and Steve what are you doing as you go
down your place in each car down yes
that's a cool don't do that name so it
goes down let's make some ethnic don't
let me this is hardest on the neck
remember before the old down first in
these
see that folks he's putting thought that
down the cards now he's put them down
and a minute he's going to pick them all
back one and the reason he choosing
cards I mean you could use rocks you
could use bricks but he's using cards
because you're there come a time where
you see if they're super flat and there
come a time where he has to kind of
reach and grab it and that makes it uh
I'll make some work to stabilize your
muscles a little bit more this one out
of cake right people at idea
as you struggle to pick a corner of the
harder its way yeah just like will see
an actual finish the card you can use
eggs sit with clothes pegs of a washing
line you know clothes pins we come over
here close you also will start with just
five pigs instead of 10 this time left
case this is an awesome drill we had
iron gloves here a lot of our trainers
several our trainers have been using
this drill quite a bit it's really heavy
on the thighs but as far as boxing Steve
you guys use it over here for boxing and
I can stain it helps the hip flexors yes
hip flexor hey we had also next day just
bills X in the next clip into the little
cotton workout as well and have the
kicks oh yeah underneath mix it up get
mixed it up next one I'm not doing on
the opening pitch okay okay you're each
gonna live yeah that's all I want okay
this time we've done
all day tickets
see that folks he's already now
and finish a tank car so I just wasn't
going the last one and for instance
Steve's in phenomenal shape and yet if i
was closer you could hear how he's
breathing a little bit rapid now it's a
hard drill yes give myself a nice new
from us to start with maximum five cause
we give you there for newcomers yeah you
fight cards for new people on stage yeah
I know what's now sit on all the
passwords he's put them all down all 10
of them
anyway one book to be strong legs advise
you is five hearts just put do it
normally ok now the kicks nowadays
yeah he's good plant obviously and as
you see the trouble with your only see
the optic card that was he had to go
back after there's the card chin up he
would face it four stars later would you
go up on your toes to give it to her
just at heart of oak oh yeah okay okay
start your next stop shaking it feels
quite hard believe me it going shake it
off immediately feel slaughter you guys
in their first I Darrell just do it one
time through one tape it was over
yesterday you do it again once you
stretch the legs over believe me you'd
be the next year we first ever thought
at 10 cards in the 32nd you feel all
right it's a barbell with the killer leg
workout